I do not know why they stopped me I have not
done nothing and I do not belong to
no gang were the words of
one of the 62 arrested by the
subadirection of anti gangs in
coordination with the western region
I suspect to see what
know what are you anway mistakes
just because like a guy working for
up and down are wrong one
among the crimes against them
they are aggravated homicide homicide
tempted deprivation of liberty proportion
and conspiracy for the crime of
homicide and illicit groupings them
we are presenting them this morning the
result of the joint work of
investigation between the sub-direction
anti-gangs and the western region the
Civil national police
has made in the western region a
hard blow to the structure of
antisocial and criminals who have
had in his works several municipalities
specifically from the departments of
ahuachap치n and santa anna with these
arrests were dismantled four
clickers of mara that operated and in being
sebasti치n salitrillo chalchuapa
atiquizaya santa anna and ahuachap치n
we have the coordination with the prosecution
general of the republic and that's how
we are presenting this day to you
a total of 62 people physically here
+52 intimations that have been made in
penal centers
among those that we have here there are 10 women
52 men among the seizures
made in more than 100
raids five were found
vehicles three shotguns two pistols
plus $ 3200 in cash phones
cellular drugs and ammunition
different calibers
in the operation, a
approximately 600 agents of the
different specialized units with
these arrests are intended to give a
answer to the citizenship and prove it
to the population the hard work that is
doing the national civil police
detailed the commissioner of the region
western
with images and jaime g칩mez already
bouquets
atv news
this is a report and special atv
news in santa anna
we already closed news events